Problems/Missing Features/Ran out of time during development:
Self Collision:
1) All non-planning links are put in the distance field. This requires recomputing the distance field each time the robot base (or second arm) moves (even if the world remains static). My first application of this collision checker was for a static robot doing pick and place with a single arm. It was OK for this to be the case.
Attached Objects:
2) Maintaining the state of attached objects is done in a wonky way. A simple map stores object names to object descriptions. This could be OK but I feel like attached objects needs to be cleaned up for the next reason too.
3) It's possible that someone could attach an object to an arbitrary link on the robot that a kinematic chain wasn't created for during the initializaiton of the CC and I did not yet put in the code to create a kinematic chain for the attached object link so that forward kinematics can be done for it. Right now, I think it looks through all of the chains that were automatically created during initialization (based on the robot description yaml file) and hopes that a kinematic chain that can be used to perform FK for the attached object link is found.
4) I don't remember if attaching objects of any arbitrary type is supported yet. The way it works with the types that are supported is it populates the object shape with spheres (of a set radius that is chosen with a param....could be very inefficient and very limiting....simple heuristics can be used to improve this drastically). The code that is used to enclose the shape with spheres is from the sbpl_geometry_utils package written by Andrew Dornbush. It does not compute an optimal number of spheres. It does allow you to choose whether to fill the object or not. The function works but corner cases can be found to break it. I would say that it works 95% of the time....it just depends on if there are any funny and very very slim triangles in your mesh or not. Andrew is great. If you ever found that it crashed - he would really appreciate a ticket. The encloseMesh function has been tested a lot in our last project this past semester.
